Max is a special cat. He grows up in a tiny village with his sibilings. Unlike his brothers and sisters whose favourite food is fish, Max likes vegetables the most. He feels lonely and is eager to find someone who is similar to him. One day, while he was walking along the river, he met a tiger who was crying loudly. The tiger told Max that her name is Ann, and she was abondoned by her family since she could only eat grass.

Max told the tiger that grass is like a vegetable, and that vegetables were his favorite food. Max told the tigers of all the times his brothers and sisters made fun of him for wanting vegetables over fish. This made ann feel a little bit better. The pair started talking for hours, and soon they made a decision. They decided to run away together, so they headed south.

Max and the tiger were fearless. They have never done anything like this before, yet they have never felt so alive. Max and the tiger were strolling through the woods, when they suddenly heard a scream. They looked at each other, confused and worried. So they started to investigate the scream. 

As they searched, the screaming continued. They follow the scream until they found a village in turmoil after being ravaged by a family of tigers. Ann was in shock, she couldn't believe that tigers could do such a thing and felt like something needed to be done. She sniffed out the tracks of the tigers that had come through and found them resting by a watering hole. She approached the tigers and asked why they had destroyed the village. The tigers said that they have been searching for meat for days and are on the brink of starvation so they wanted to get food from the humans. Ann and Max were surprised to hear the lengths that they would go through to get meat. They told them about vegetables and how much easier they are to find. From then on, they all lived together as a happy vegetarian family.

They expanded their diet to all types of vegetables. In the end, they found that green pepper is more delicious than the grass. Therefore, they ate green peper all the time.

END.